c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\bin\Debug\DB\AFP_DB.mdf
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\bin\Debug\DB\AFP_DB_log.ldf
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\bin\Debug\AFP projekt.exe.config
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\bin\Debug\AFP projekt.exe
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\bin\Debug\AFP projekt.pdb
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\obj\Debug\AFP projekt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\obj\Debug\AFP projekt_Content.g.cs
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\obj\Debug\AFP projekt_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\obj\Debug\AFP projekt_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\obj\Debug\AFP projekt.g.resources
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\obj\Debug\AFP_projekt.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\obj\Debug\AFP projekt.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\obj\Debug\AFP projekt.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\obj\Debug\AFP projekt.exe
c:\users\eke\source\repos\AFP projekt\AFP projekt\obj\Debug\AFP projekt.pdb
